detective recap here today i'm going to
explain a crime mystery film called
disturbia
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
teenager kale brecht loves spending time
with his father
daniel he's the kind of kid who'd rather
go fishing with his dad than go out with
his friends
while coming home from their fishing
trip one day kale talks to his mom on
the phone
gushing about how much fish they caught
daniel then takes the phone from kale to
speak with his wife
saying she should have seen their
sunfish while driving kale gets
distracted while talking to his mom on
the phone
the vehicle in front of him suddenly
swerves left avoiding the car parked on
the side of the road
kale sees the car too late and collides
with it causing their own car to flip
over
as kail and his dad both hang from their
seats another vehicle comes and rams
into them
making their flip car spin on the road
while being in immense pain
kale manages to get out of their car but
unfortunately his father dies in the
accident
one year passes and during one of his
classes kale's teacher urges him to
recite
since he cannot give a straight answer
the teacher asks him if he did his
homework
to which he replies no unhappy the
teacher asks him what his father would
think about his behavior
in response to his comment kale punches
him instead of assigning him years in
juvenile prison the judge gives kale
leniency and sentences him to three
months of house arrest
he sympathizes with him saying that he
knows it's not easy to lose a parrot
at home detective parker gives kayla an
angle monitor and explains that the
green light means he's in the safe zone
which covers about 100 foot radius from
the proximity sensor
if kale unplugs the sensor the cops will
immediately come
like a modem it gets a constant gps
signal from his ankle bracelet letting
the cops know where he is or where he's
going
if he goes beyond the safe zone the red
light will flash and kayle will have 10
seconds to get back inside it
detective parker then gives kale her
phone number before telling mrs breck
that they need to pay 12
every day for the incarceration fee as
kale's mom pays for it
the officer who is with detective parker
goes near kale and kale notices that his
surname is also gutierrez just like his
spanish teachers
the officer then informs kale that his
teacher is his cousin before leaving
detective parker reminds kale to find
productive things to do while on house
arrest
saying that it's not as easy as he
thinks while on house arrest
kale spends most of his days playing
video games and watching television
since he was doing the exact opposite of
being productive kale's mom cancels his
xbox and itunes
threatening that she'll cancel their
maid service next she tells him that
she's sorry he's a felon but she also
reminds him that he's not on vacation
as kale watches the news about a missing
girl his mom orders him to clean his
room in the kitchen but he tells her
that he'll do it later
irate mrs breck cuts the cable cord
leaving kale frustrated
with nothing else to do kale calls his
friend ronnie and tells him what his mom
did
even calling her a dictator unable to go
anywhere or even play with anything
kale says he's losing his mind to make
his friend feel better
ronnie tells kale what's he doing
outside like meeting girls and they both
have a good laugh
however ronnie has to cut their call
short and kale feels more disappointed
than ever
kale begins doing all the household
chores his mom has told him to do
he starts with doing the laundry and
washing the dishes one day
when his mom asks him if he wants to
talk about anything he simply says he's
got nothing
out of boredom kale starts watching his
neighbors while watching his new
neighbor ashley and her family move into
their house
the doorbell rings so kale answers it
when he opens the door
he finds something burning on the floor
and he extinguishes it by stepping on it
before realizing that it's dog poop
looking across the street kale sees two
kids riding their bicycles laughing at
him
irritated kale asks them if they think
their prank was funny and one of the
kids mocks him
pissing him off further without thinking
kale chases the kids on their bikes
and as they ride away one of them
mentions that kayla isn't supposed to
leave the house
kale stops running when he suddenly
remembers that he's on house arrest then
he notices that his ankle monitor is
beeping with the red light on
he races back home hoping that the light
will turn green and when it does
kale collapses on their front lawn as
promised by detective parker the cops
show up and though kale tries to explain
what the kids did and that he wasn't
trying to leave
officer gutierrez still asks him to get
on the ground while the officer puts
handcuffs on him
kale sees ashley from their house
watching him after the incident cale
talks to his mom on the phone
he complains about a conflict of
interest since the officer who came was
his teacher's cousin
but because the officers didn't take him
away mrs breck just reminds kale to be
more careful now
after their conversation kale marks
their property using a thick thread to
make sure he doesn't leave the safe zone
as he does he sees ashley coming home so
he runs back to his room
peeking through his bedroom window kale
watches ashley undress preparing to take
a shower
after that ronnie arrives and kayle
excitedly shows him how he watches his
neighbors from his bedroom
including robert turner according to
kale robert moses lawn about twice a day
the two of them watch as she swims in
the pool and when ronnie asks kale
what's stopping him from getting to know
her
kale only looks at his ankle monitor one
time when he sees ashley pulling up in
their driveway kayle puts on a show of
having a hard time getting his mail from
the mailbox due to his angle monitor
ashley notices him and offers to help
and kale thanks her after finally
befriending ashley
kale tries to get to know her more only
to be interrupted by ashley's mom
calling her
with that ashley leaves later that night
kale watches the news about the missing
girl
reporting that she was picked up by an
unidentified person driving a blue 1960s
ford mustang with a den on the left side
after watching kale goes back to spying
on ashley he's watching her do her yoga
exercises from his window when ashley
suddenly looks his way
this makes kale nervous and he wonders
if she can see him when ashley resumes
her exercise her dad comes into her room
and they start arguing
after he leaves kale continues peeping
on ashley using his binoculars
and when she lies on her bed she looks
directly to kale's window
kale falls asleep while spying on ashley
and when he wakes up he sees robert
coming home
kale watches robert put two big plastic
bags in his garage then notices that his
car matches the description of the one
on the news
to confirm kale gets his binoculars and
sure enough he sees the dent on robert's
blue 1960s ford mustang
suspicious of robert now kate and ronnie
do some digging about the missing girl's
case
they find out that the circumstances
surrounding her disappearance are
similar to the murder kidnappings in
austin three years ago
they also learned that the culprit's
victims were all redheads and that he
was never caught
the authorities found seven girls bodies
on his property a year later after he
left
as ronnie reads the news kale sees
ashley preparing to go for a swim
so the two of them spy on her again
while watching her
ronnie accidentally makes some noise
catching ashley's attention
she then sees kale peeking at her from
his window so she goes to kale's house
kale tells ashley that he and ronnie are
just playing video games in his room
and when ashley says she wants to join
them the two boys become speechless
ashley heads straight to kale's messy
room and as they clean ashley spots
kale's binoculars
she picks it up and asks gayle if he's
spying on their neighbors but it's
ronnie who replies
saying that he is and that kale even
thinks that one of their neighbors is
the serial killer from the news
ronnie and kale tell ashley that robert
drives a car just like the one the
serial killer used to kidnap the missing
girl from madison
suspicious of their story ashley uses
kale's binoculars to check on robert
just in time the man is about to leave
his house ashley sees him driving his
ford mustang but there is no dent in his
car
unable to believe it kale takes the
binoculars from ashley to see the car
and true enough there's no dent in it
with peaked interest ashley expresses
her desire to join the boys in spying on
robber
ashley kale and ronnie continue
researching the serial killer
and when it's time to spy on robert they
even set up a camera near the window
while waiting for robert to show up kale
asks ashley why they moved into the
suburbs ashley reveals that her mom
wanted to keep her dad on a shorter
leash since the city has its temptations
finally robert arrives home with a
redheaded girl with a camera in hand
kale records everything in robert's
house while ashley watches using the
binoculars
as they watch they see robert pull out a
knife but he only uses it to cut the tag
from the girl's dress
while spying ashley's mom calls and asks
her to come home so she does kale walks
ashley home but makes sure that he stays
in the safe zone
when returning to his room he hears the
girl from robert's house shouting for
help
kale catches her running around robert's
house in a panic so he immediately picks
up his camera to record everything
kale manages to record the woman banging
on the window with robert behind her
but in the process he accidentally takes
a picture of them with his cameras flash
getting robert's attention
he ducks while continuing to record and
when he doesn't see robert he gets up
and uses his binoculars
that's when he sees robert from one of
the windows staring directly at him
ronnie suddenly calls startling kale he
proceeds to tell him that robert just
saw him
then describes what he just witnessed
kale's also scared that robert has
killed the girl
however kale sees the girl getting into
her car looking completely fine before
driving away
the following day kale wakes up to find
robert in his house
his mom explains that she ran into
robert at the grocery store and helped
her with her flat tire
suspicious of his true motive kale keeps
his distance from robber
when robert notices his ankle bracelet
he asks scale what he did to get that
and with hostility kale replies that he
punched his spanish teacher
kale's mom says she left the milk in her
car so when she goes to get it
robert teasingly tells kale that when he
was in school there were some teachers
that he wanted to kill
when mrs brecht comes back robert
suggests that they all do dinner and a
movie sometime but while his mom agrees
kale vehemently objects
kale then quickly adds that it's just
him who won't be joining them but his
mom would love to
later that day hale tells ashley about
his confrontation with robert
while kale's going over the little
evidence he has of robert being the
serial killer
ashley informs him that she's having a
party back home kale knows he's going
nowhere with his ankle monitor so he
says goodbye to ashley even though he's
completely upset
kale watches the party from his bedroom
window and he gets jealous when he sees
ashley hugging another guy
to get back at her kale takes out his
big speaker on his roof and plays loud
music
drowning the one from the party pissed
ashley sneaks into kale's room through
his window and grabs kale's ipod to stop
the music
the two get into a small argument but
they immediately resolve it and they end
up kissing
meanwhile a large amount of blood
splatters on robert's window
while ashley and kale are making out
robert removes the plastic cover he used
to protect his windows from the blood
when ashley notices the noise she checks
to see what it is and from kale's
bedroom
they see robert dragging something big
down his stairs though it's covered with
plastic
ashley could see that it's smeared with
blood the following day ronnie breaks
into robert's car
and ashley follows robert to the store
while staying on the phone with kale to
update him
when ashley runs into one of her friends
she loses robert and drops the call
meanwhile ronnie finally manages to open
robert's car after a few attempts
ashley immediately calls kail back to
inform him that she lost robert
now panicking kale quickly asks ronnie
for the remote control code to robert's
garage door before telling him that
robert is coming home
on the other hand ashley is trying to
drive back home when she runs into
robert who introduces himself to her
without any warning he removes her keys
from the ignition and gets in the car
robert tries to intimidate her telling
ashley that he knows she's following him
even though he doesn't know why
he ominously mentions that he's a man
who enjoys his privacy and that she's
not the only one watching
before leaving he hints that she should
pass along his message to kale
at kale's house ashley tells the boys
about what robert did then tells them
that they should stop spying on him
determined to continue kail insists that
they should find out what robert is
hiding however ashley's so terrified by
robert that she is having none of it
before going home
she tells the boys one last time to stop
spying on him
realizing that he left his phone inside
robert's car ronnie goes back to kale's
house to let him know
and kale promises that they will get it
back since kayle has configured the
camera to connect to the television he
made
ronnie uses it to get a good view of
robert's house as he breaks into it
kale watches from his house and ronnie
hops over the fence and into robert's
property
he opens the garage door and gets inside
mentioning that it reeks there
he immediately opens robert's car and
finds his phone then starts looking
around to find the source of the smell
as he does ronnie sets down the camera
when he is about to open a plastic bag
with blood and hair in it the camera
starts sliding down but he manages to
catch it
all of a sudden the garage door closes
leaving ronnie trapped inside
he tells kale that someone might be in
there with him then begs him for help as
the camera feed cuts off
when it gets back on kale sees ronnie
running around robert's house
without hesitation kale grabs a bat
before running for robert's house
kale frantically searches for ronnie
ignoring his beeping ankle monitor but
before he can enter robert's house
the cops show up as they take him away
kale shouts that ronnie is inside the
house and that robert has been
kidnapping and killing people
kale tells the cops about the bag they
saw in his garage saying there's a body
in it just to make sure everything's
okay
the cops search robert's property only
to find that the bag kale was referring
to contains roadkill
with no signs of ronnie or a dead body
the cops take kale away
in an attempt to stop robert from
pressing charges against kale mrs brecht
goes to robert's house to talk to
him meanwhile kale finds ronnie in his
closet saying he was scared of going to
jail for breaking into robert's house so
he hid in the closet instead
ronnie then shows kale the video of his
escape from robert's house before going
downstairs
as kale watches the video he realizes
that ronnie has captured an image of a
dead girl wrapped in a plastic bag and
hidden in a vent
it was the redhead they saw coming home
with robert the other night back at
robert's house the man incapacitates
kale's mother by grabbing her and
banging her head on the wall
now that he has proof of robert's crime
kale calls for ronnie downstairs but
robert attacks his friend with a
baseball bat
with his phone in hand kale is about to
call for help when he suddenly sees
robert's reflection on his monitor
thinking quickly kale moves to the right
as robert swings his bat hitting his
table instead of him
kale rushes downstairs and tries to get
their landline but robert immediately
catches up to him and the two of them
fight
since he is bigger and taller than kale
robert easily throws kale over the
counter but he manages to get up and
grab a chair to hit robert
kale then runs for the door but again
robert catches up to him on the lawn
robert attempts to strangle him with the
threat he used to mark his safe zone but
kale still manages to break free
kale tries to crawl beyond his safe area
with all his might but robert drags him
back to the middle of the lawn and
knocks him unconscious
robert then gags and binds him before
dragging him back to his room
as they both sit in kale's room robert
reveals how he will murder ronnie and
mrs brecht then pin it on him
he forces kale to write a confession
letter to ashley saying that he killed
his friend
ronnie while he said it ashley suddenly
arrives distracting robert and giving
kayla a chance to attack him
still bound kale tries to get out of his
room and as robert is about to stab him
ashley attacks him from behind
unfortunately robert overpowers her with
ease but kale sees the opportunity to
push over the wooden stair railing
ashley and kale lock themselves inside
kale's room and ashley cuts the tape
binding kale's hands before calling
9-1-1
with no luck kale tells ashley that they
have to go beyond his safe zone and as
they prepare to escape through the
window
robert breaks the door using his bat
kale and ashley then run for the window
and go across the roof before finally
jumping into ashley's swimming pool
with his ankle monitor now beeping kale
tells ashley to make sure the cops are
coming while he gets his mom
before going to robert's house kale
takes the garden shears from their lawn
and uses them to break into robert's
place
as kale searches for his mother officer
gutierrez receives a call
saying that kayla has jumped off the
fence again inside robert's house
kayle finds the vent he saw from
ronnie's video and opens it in an
attempt to find his mom
with the dead girl still there kale
peeks inside the vent only to find
another dead girl in a hidden room
unaware that robert is watching him from
outside the house kale continues his
search and ends up in a room with
several chest freezers inside
on the other hand officer gutierrez
arrives at the scene
kale goes through the room and there he
finds the redhead girl's driver's
license and personal belongings
he also finds a red wig making him
realize that robert pretended to be the
redhead leaving his house the night he
and ashley watched him
before officer gutierrez could find
anything in robert's house robert snaps
his neck
while kale finds the entrance to the
secret room he saw earlier in there he
finds more personal belongings of
robert's previous victims
and more decaying bodies finally kale
finds his mom bound and gag
and with the garden shears kale cuts the
rope to free her before they could
escape
robert shows up and slashes kale's back
before pinning him on the wall
as he is about to stab kale mrs brecht
finds a dagger and stabs robert in the
leg
robert hits her and kale wastes no time
picking up the garden shears and
impaling robert
finally killing him the cops show up and
kayle and his mom go home
after the whole incident detective
parker removes kale's ankle bracelet
saying that he's the first person she
knows
to have it removed for good behavior now
that he's free kale leaves his house and
finds ashley
she asks him what he plans to do next
and in response he calls the mother of
the two boys who pranked him
saying that the kids are watching an
adult show with a laugh kale kisses
angela while ronnie teasingly films them
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching